our woman's quad is one of the only New
Zealand crews to return is the same crew
than 2015 as it was in 2014 and we feel
privileged to be one of those crews
we're really excited about what we can
do and we're planning on stepping up
from where we finished off last year
continue to build I've been in the cord
for the past this will be my fifth year
when we first and it was all like a
completely new experience and all quite
scary going to the Olympics and things
because we didn't really know where we
stood and the competition has got a lot
and hotter sand cyn and so I feel like
we're improving a lot but the
competition from all over the country
all over the world so is improving just
as much so we just want to yeah keep up
there and hopefully we'll be in the
middle ya fix up an i started out at
junior level and I didn't make the New
Zealand team so I decided to take an
opportunity in the States and win over
the f for four and a half years and got
my degree and started freshman I came
back to New Zealand it was quite hard
stepping back into having to just go
straight into the elites but
through our PC and just purely wanting
to do it really badly I've been able to
make it in and I'm just going to keep
improving and take my seat korean we've
all got really different personalities
and it kind of we're able to bounce
ideas off each other we've never we
never really have any any problems what
you look like you were just I know we've
we've sort of found for girls that
although we're different we just seem to
seem to work really well yeah we all
seem to kind of go with the flow a
little bit Real Quiet mellow
personalities and yeah we don't hit have
anything to outrageous yeah you can't
think knowing to make one or two
videos oh well tasty yeah tailor sews
pretty good last year I'm the sound of
music you watch their overseas you got
some inspiration while we're in love so
maybe another musical